# CreateChatCompletionRequest


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | [**Vector{ChatCompletionRequestMessage}**](ChatCompletionRequestMessage.md) | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_format_inputs_to_chatgpt_models). | [default to nothing]
**model** | [***CreateChatCompletionRequestModel**](CreateChatCompletionRequestModel.md) |  | [default to nothing]
**frequency_penalty** | **Float64** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model&#39;s likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**logit_bias** | **Dict{String, Int64}** | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion.  Accepts a JSON object that maps tokens (specified by their token ID in the tokenizer) to an associated bias value from -100 to 100. Mathematically, the bias is added to the logits generated by the model prior to sampling. The exact effect will vary per model, but values between -1 and 1 should decrease or increase likelihood of selection; values like -100 or 100 should result in a ban or exclusive selection of the relevant token.  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**max_tokens** | **Int64** | The maximum number of [tokens](/tokenizer) to generate in the chat completion.  The total length of input tokens and generated tokens is limited by the model&#39;s context length. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_count_tokens_with_tiktoken) for counting tokens.  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**n** | **Int64** | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. Note that you will be charged based on the number of generated tokens across all of the choices. Keep &#x60;n&#x60; as &#x60;1&#x60; to minimize costs. | [optional] [default to 1]
**presence_penalty** | **Float64** | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model&#39;s likelihood to talk about new topics.  [See more information about frequency and presence penalties.](/docs/guides/text-generation/parameter-details)  | [optional] [default to 0]
**response_format** | [***CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat**](CreateChatCompletionRequestResponseFormat.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**seed** | **Int64** | This feature is in Beta.  If specified, our system will make a best effort to sample deterministically, such that repeated requests with the same &#x60;seed&#x60; and parameters should return the same result. Determinism is not guaranteed, and you should refer to the &#x60;system_fingerprint&#x60; response parameter to monitor changes in the backend.  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**stop** | [***CreateChatCompletionRequestStop**](CreateChatCompletionRequestStop.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**stream** | **Bool** | If set, partial message deltas will be sent, like in ChatGPT. Tokens will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#Event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a &#x60;data: [DONE]&#x60; message. [Example Python code](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/how_to_stream_completions).  | [optional] [default to false]
**temperature** | **Float64** | What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;top_p&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**top_p** | **Float64** | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.  We generally recommend altering this or &#x60;temperature&#x60; but not both.  | [optional] [default to 1]
**tools** | [**Vector{ChatCompletionTool}**](ChatCompletionTool.md) | A list of tools the model may call. Currently, only functions are supported as a tool. Use this to provide a list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**tool_choice** | [***ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption**](ChatCompletionToolChoiceOption.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**user** | **String** | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help OpenAI to monitor and detect abuse. [Learn more](/docs/guides/safety-best-practices/end-user-ids).  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**function_call** | [***CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall**](CreateChatCompletionRequestFunctionCall.md) |  | [optional] [default to nothing]
**functions** | [**Vector{ChatCompletionFunctions}**](ChatCompletionFunctions.md) | Deprecated in favor of &#x60;tools&#x60;.  A list of functions the model may generate JSON inputs for.  | [optional] [default to nothing]


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


